When was the last time
you lost your patience?
on the road?
at work?
or at home?
Our busy lives
make it difficult for us to be patient.
But to enjoy life,
we need patience more than ever
—even if it’s being tested.
But what does patience really mean?
Does it mean we just passively wait
for something to change?
And how can patience affect our daily life?
The 2023 “Exercise Patience”!
Convention of Jehovah’s Witnesses
will show you what true patience is,
why we need it,
and how it can improve
our relationships with others.
God wants you to be happy.
And as our Creator,
he knows that exercising patience is vital.
For more information, go to jw.org.